Normalize CredentialsContainer.get() (#35255)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/publickeycredentialrequestoptions/index.md

---
title: PublicKeyCredentialRequestOptions
slug: Web/API/PublicKeyCredentialRequestOptions
page-type: web-api-interface

> status:
>   - experimental

Author: ```suggestion
```

> spec-urls: https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dictdef-publickeycredentialrequestoptions

Reviewer: Same comment as https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35255/files#r1703549848 - we need the spec url, but not sure whether we should have status (because we can't automate it) and whether we should have browser compat data for the associated `get()` option.

---

{{APIRef("Web Authentication API")}}{{securecontext_header}}

> The **`PublicKeyCredentialRequestOptions`** dictionary represents the object passed to {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.get()")}} as the value of the `publicKey` option: that is, when using `get()` to generate an assertion using the [Web Authentication API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Authentication_API).

Reviewer: Is there a human readable way to word "that is, when using `get()` to generate an assertion using the [Web Authentication API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Authentication_API)." - at this point you might not know what an assertion is.

Aslo contrast to the structure of the intro for `IdentityCredentialRequestOptions` - easier to digest where it is used and  even though you know no more than here, the link to what is returned is more useful than words I don't understand.

Reviewer: Yes, structurally much better. I'll have a look at the glossary entry in a little more detail.

## Instance properties

- `allowCredentials` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : An array of objects defining a restricted list of the acceptable credentials for retrieval. Each object will contain the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An array of objects restricting the list of the acceptable credentials for retrieval. Each object will contain the following properties:
```

Author: This I think is also covered inhttps://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35255/commits/f274bdb3a1d481c9deb6a2249a385a85e64b0220.

    - `transports`

      - : An array of strings providing hints as to the methods the client could use to communicate with the relevant authenticator of the public key credential to retrieve. Possible transports are: `"ble"`, `"hybrid"`, `"internal"`, `"nfc"`, and `"usb"`.

        > [!NOTE]
        > This value is mirrored by the return value of the {{domxref("AuthenticatorAttestationResponse.getTransports", "PublicKeyCredential.response.getTransports()")}} method of the {{domxref("PublicKeyCredential")}} object returned by the `create()` call that originally created the credential.
        > At that point, it should be stored by the app for later use.

    - `type`

      - : A string defining the type of the public key credential to retrieve. This can currently take a single value, `"public-key"`, but more values may be added in the future. This value is mirrored by the {{domxref("Credential.type", "type")}} property of the {{domxref("PublicKeyCredential")}} object returned by a successful `get()` call.

>     This value defaults to an empty array, meaning that any credential is potentially acceptable for retrieval without the relying party first providing an ID.

Author: I have done this in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35255/commits/f274bdb3a1d481c9deb6a2249a385a85e64b0220.

However this is the exact kind of thing I didn't want to get into in this PR. It's a straight copy/paste from the original, and if we get into trying to improve it I will want to rewrite it all, and then I will need to take the time to understand it properly, and I want to merge this PR one day.
